add upgrade docs (#252)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/installer-docs/upgrading-profiles.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Upgrading profiles

When newer versions of a profile are available you will be able to discover them by 
[listing installed profiles](/docs/installer-docs/listing-installed-profiles#listing-installed-profiles).

> Once you know what version you want to upgrade to you can upgrade your profile by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you know which version you want to upgrade to run:
```

```bash
pctl upgrade path-to-installation/ <version>
```

This will then perform an upgrade of your local installation. You can also pass in the `--create-pr` flag to automatically create a PR

> to update your installation. Pctl uses a 3-way merge behind the scenes to perform the upgrade. If you have made local modifications to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to update your installation. Pctl uses a 3-way merge behind the scenes to perform the upgrade. If you have made modifications to
```

> your installation that conflict with changes in the upgrades you will get merge conflicts, and will have to manual resolve them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your installation that conflict with changes in the upgrades you will get merge conflicts, and will have to manually resolve them.
```
